### [Back](https://iredsc.github.io/nova-49/)
# Subject-1508 | DD08

\- July 15th, 2015, 1:00 AM -\
*Detective Derious, an X level agent, is wandering down the empty streets of LA in the dead of night while playing with a switchblade.*\
Derious understood exactly why he was sent on this case- he wasn't a normal human; but that never bothered him, after all, he basically had super powers...\
*He walks into a bar, scanning the room as if looking for someone particular.*
> ah, there he is!

*A very well dressed man walks up to greet Derious*

> Derious, just the man I was looking for!\
> I'm agent Cason, I personally requested your visit.\
> listen, I've been investigating this subject for the past few months, and we're dealing with something much bigger than I first thought.

> Show me what you got so far Cas..

> Certainly!\
> It seems the subject is able to create symbols that can be anything up to lethal..\
> I was hoping you would be able to actually take a look at these symbols, due to your- speciality..

*Derious walks over to the bar and orders a drink*

> Alright Cas, we'll start in the morning.

\- July 16th, 2015, 12:00 PM -\
*Agent Cason is driving Detective Derious to a "grafetti" site*\
*They pull into an alleyway, and then drive under a heavily vandilised bridge*

> Alright, I'm sure you already know how to deal with this kind of thing, but unfortunately I'm not able to look at those walls without killing myself..

*Agent Cason places some slotted glasses on his face*

> Fortunately though, we've figured out that if you can't see the whole thing at once, it won't affect you.\
> So I just have to be very careful about where I look.

*Cason reaches into the glove box, pulls out a second pair of glasses, and offers them to Derious*

> I have no need for those, I am perfctly capable of looking at the walls; although I do fear for the walls.

> What do you mean by that?

> I'm sure you'll see soon enough..

\- 1:11 PM -\
*Both agents step out of the vechicle*\
Agent Cason didn't exactly understand how Derious' abilities worked, but he was hoping to find out today.\
He assumed that it had something to do with being able to look at otherwise damaging substences without being affected, but was unsure if he was correct..

> Alright Cason, do you know exactly when these were drawn?

*Cason notices that Derious is covering his eyes and making sure not to look at the walls.*

> Well not specifically, we got some reports of a "pile of bodies" under a bridge and shut down the area for investigation.\
> Unfortunately we lost a lot of personelle before we figured out the source of the death.

> I see.. well I guess we can take a look at what we have on the walls here.

*Detective Derious starts inspecting the walls of the bridge*

> These are... very intricate.

\- 1:27 PM -\
*As Derious inspects the walls of the bridge, a sudden cracking sound was heard*\
*Derious quickly covered his eyes*

> Get back in the car!

> What's going o-

> Get back in the car!

*Both agents quickly get back in the car and back out from under the bridge*

> So Detective D, you want to explain what's going on?

> Not really, no.

> You're really making my job hard, you know that?\
> I'm trying to track down the subject responsible for this, and you keep withholding information from me.

> Alright, I'll tell you.\
> I have the ability to deflect damages off of myself, although it's not entirely perfect.

> What do you mean by not perfect?

> It's a weak system, meaning I can't deflect that much damage before I start recieving injury.

*Cason ponders for a moment*

> So when the walls started cracking... that was your damage reflection?

> Yes it was.

> So why did it take so long to start cracking?

> That I am not sure about, it seems something either about me, or about the nature of the symbols didn't trigger the killing effects until many minutes later.

